everyone welcome to another video we are
looking at the specialized stubby jumper
29a here front suspension as the
RockShox revolution what nice right
we've got SRAM x7 shifters right here
and the rear suspension is the Fox
evolution series coming up to the front
crank the 34 tooth and the inside is a
22 and the rear derailleur is a scram x9
series the cassette how the fact is a 38
- a lot of gearing it
so overall really cool-looking baikman
and check out this cool thing other seat
Loret oh push this button there and
that's what controls the seat
okay that's a pretty sexy looking
motorbike thanks for watching guys we've
got heaps more bike reviews coming up so
stay tuned for that subscribe to our
channel for more videos like this and
remember stay high carb healthy I don't
eat no meat no dairy no sweets only
right vegetables fresh fruit and more we
are from the old school
my household smelled like soul food bruh
curry falafel barbecue tofu no fish no
no candy bars no cigarettes only guard
your fresh-squeezed juice from oranges